---
title: "AFK"
excerpt_separator: "<!--more-->"
categories:
  - blog
  - afk
  - journal
  - essay
tags: 
  - personal
  - standard
  - afk
  - random
excerpt: "What's on my mind?"
header:
  overlay_image: /assets/images/latebrowsing.jpg
  overlay_filter: 
  teaser: "/assets/images/latebrowsing.jpg"

---
# What is on my mind?
## What

The planet will be undone in no small part because of our insatiable lust for beef. Not that I'm a strict vegetarian, or anything. But it strikes me as the sort of factoid we throw around at cocktail parties, or the kind of thing I hear men say at the cafe when I eavesdrop on first dates; *Did you know the Mayans overstretched their resources because of their love of ceramics?* Or, *You know the X War was really about Y cashcrop.*  

## Is 

There was a death in the family. The deceased was quite old, which helps. But unfortunately, when people die, there tends to be a funerary ritual that gathers people together. The particular people that *may* gather at this particular ritual may cause me more grief than the ashes in the urn. It is a cause for concern. Which is to say, I was up last night with slow panic and today I've been zombified by fear, and by pain that resurfaces. And, another factor that does not help, I am now of a particular age where the elders of the family are next in line to meet their makers. There will be no shortage of opportunities for me to face monsters again. If only handling a death was as simple as grieving the dead.

## On

Post zinefest, I think about what I want Headless Rodeo to do. Yes, I will continue to tweak the fonts and formats of the website. Yes, I will continue to make more projects to feature under the banner. Yes, I will need to make another sign for future events, fairs, and fests. But what are some of the big-swing projects that I want to accomplish by next year?  
Some of the ideas include:  
*  Trying to write a blog post every week and make sure that people can follow my blog somehow. Why would I do this? Not sure. FOMO, probably. The idea that what I do must lead to success, success meaning money, money meaning sales, and sales come from follows, but I'm not on social media, so... But I'm not particularly interested in this, mainly because blogging consistently is hard, and I pursue shinies as they arrive in my line of vision. Secondly, frankly I'm not sure that my writing isn't embarrassing and useless.  
*  Take submissions for a project. Put out a zine that requires other people to submit, some sort of compilation, and put it out there. This could be fun, depending on the thing. But I'd have to think about it. One idea was a collection of people's supernatural stories, things they've experienced in the valley. "Supernatural Arizona Stories." I have a vague dream of putting out a quarterly issue, but I would need a bunch of stories. And this would only work if I found out a way to pay people for their writing or their stories. Fair is fair. But it's not like I turn a profit for making zines, so payment would come out of pocket. Which is hard. I ain't rich.\
*  Continue putting out movie fanzines, or doing a real hardcore deepdive on a movie. I'd have to find the right movie. I'd love to do interviews, gather exclusive content, etc. Picking the right movie would be key. This seems possible, but I'd have to consider what to do.
*  I'd love to write a fictional article of journalism. I think that would be great. This seems quite possible.  
*  Really pushing and vamping the Etsy store is one simple goal. Although that may entail a bunch of bullshit I don't want to do, like making topical content that doesn't appeal to me or manufacturing products that I would never buy. I'm not sure. I certainly need a way to continue offloading zines. Maybe this is a necessity. To make more storage for more projects.  
The most important thing is to keep the engine going, keep flying, keep making things. That is the primary goal in general. 
 
## My

I've been scratching the itch of Rollercoaster Tycoon by playing a Kairosoft game called Convenience Stories. I've been playing it for something like 4 hours a day. It's great. 

## Mind

I'm going to go write a poem now. 
