---
title: "Mole hills and Windmills"
excerpt_separator: "<!--more-->"
categories:
  - Blog
  - DND
  - Journal
  - 
tags:
  - personal
  - journal
  - DND
  - nanowrimo

excerpt: "Radically Lower Your Expectations (of yourself and your work)"
header:
  overlay_image:  /assets/images/rodeo.jpg
  overlay_filter: rgba(20, 20, 20, 0.5)
  teaser: "/assets/images/rodeo.jpg"

---

# RADICALLY LOWER YOUR EXPECATIONS

I'm the problem. 

Invariably, when I build a project up in my head, it turns out bad. When I let go and get fast and loose, things tend to work out. It is difficult to manage the amount of psychic energy I funnel into something. If I am excited about it, I will pour everything I have into it. The stakes get raised. I start to care about its outcome. Then I begin to tighten my grip on the pencil, and that tension disrupts mark-making.  

This occurred in my last DND campaign. My plots meander endlessly, and part of that is because I toss out moral alignment and railroaded goals. It seems to generally work out. People continue to show up, and some people are invested in the main storyline, if there is a 'storyline' to be found. So when we get to 2 years into a regularly meeting campaign, and someone was moving away, I really wanted to wrap up an enormous, long, rambling story into a neat conclusion for the sake of a leaving party member. I was anxious, I was confident I lost sleep, I filled sheets with notes. It flopped.

If I had instead went in with a one-shot about people trying to seduce a dragon or some bullshit, it would have been more fun, and potentially more satisfying as a conclusion to an extended play. 

What is satisfying for (my understanding of) the story may not be satisfying for the player. There is a relationship between investment and tension. If the story were 'reduced' to 'board game night' and we were playing out combat mechanics with some flair and flavor, would anyone *care*? 

Do I need people to *care?* I would say yes. That's what makes DMing satisfying for me; that people care about the story and the world that they're playing through.  

The sometimes-absurd huge ambition for amateur projects "pays off" for me more often than not; frequently I'm quite satisfied with the way things turn out. Learning the basics of web design for HR is one example. Having a vague first draft after a sputtering nanowrimo is another example. I want finished mediocre projects, not an infinite stack of very promising sketches.
