---
title: "Journal"
excerpt_separator: "<!--more-->"
categories:
  - Blog
tags: 
  - personal
  - standard
  - random
  - test
excerpt: "Return of the Gluten"
header:
  overlay_image:  /assets/images/eye+med.jpg
  overlay_filter: rgba(10, 0, 0, 0.5)
  teaser: "/assets/images/eye+med.jpg"

---

# Bread Journal
Like every other tattooed bearded soyboy, I started baking sourdough bread during the quarantine, and I really loved it; the knead bloomed an appreciation for Sisyphus and made me feel like a human being beyond a screen, the tedium of taking wet and inaccurate handwritten notes, the parental waiting between rises, and the biblical glory of tasting the effort's conclusion.  
But then my partner caught a demon.  
We tried tempting it out of her body by plating candy on the bedside table, hoping its dark silhouette would crawl out of her eye sockets during her sleep and take the bait. We'd seen it do that before. But it never came out. We attempted physical exercise, hoping it would rattle loose after a vigorous jog, but the movement and the sweat seemed to make the demon irritable, shapes wriggling around under her skin when she caught her breath; and our gym raised the membership rates. 
The only thing that seemed to keep the demon happy was bone meal. Fear not! We found a way to make a paste that she could swallow every day. Now that she takes it daily, the demon hibernates. My partner still wanders the house at night, shuffling lowly, long sweat-dampened hair curtained over her face, whispering "hello darling" back and forth with a strange accent, but I'm confident that the *really* scary stuff has subsided. She is likely harmless to the community as long as I remember to sticky the spell tag onto her forehead and splash all the exit points in our house with grapefruit juice.
So I restarted the sourdough starter. Found a jar, tipped some flour and water in, and then I threw some instant yeast in the mix, just to get the party started. Like hiring Paris Hilton to show up to your night club.   
Cooking and food is (as is physically evident) one of the loves of my life. However, I have to admit something embarrassing. Part of me wants to get back into baking bread because living my precious and spoiled life is becoming expensive. Inflation is inflating. I'm finding more and more that I want to make everything from scratch. Hence me making this blog and website from Jekyll and Github pages. I didn't want to shell it out to Wordpress or some other provider just to have a decent blog. I wish I had the capacity to make my own clothes. There aren't enough hours in the day to make all the things I want to make.
