---
title: "2022-11-27 Journal"
excerpt_separator: "<!--more-->"
categories:
  - blog
  - journal
tags: 
  - personal
  - standard
  - 
excerpt: "journal"
header:
  overlay_image:  /assets/images/city_teaser.jpg
  overlay_filter: rgba(0, 50, 0, 0.5)
  teaser: /assets/images/city_teaser.jpg


---

# What's next?
Now that I've properly finished a project, I'm always looking to the next one. Of course, my eyes are drawn to the shiny big thing, write an experimental novel, write some sort of fictional magazine, start some large ambitious doodad. But there are a lot of projects that are still in the back of my mind.

* **Hometown Ghosts**: I have a rough draft of this horror novella sitting around waiting to be finished. I'm about halfway done with the current rough draft and relatively (weeks?) away from getting it to a solid first draft.
* **Red Heavens**: This was my scifi western novel. I think I have about 25-30k clocked into there.  
* **Fudge Off**: My cozy chocolatier mystery. This is outlined, and I thought I had lost the whole thing. Turns out I was experimenting with using Dropbox as my backup, and I found a ton of material! Huzzah for cloud storage! But that also means that the project is back onto the table as a possible thing to work on.
* **Take Me With You**. I could finish and submit that chapbook to places. 
* **Idylls of the Allenchrist** Same as above
* There's always more dnd modules to do. I still have a ton of material I could import and create, now quite facilitated by the document and settings I've created. I have some ideas bopping around to really experiment with the format, layout, and design of a DND document
* There're always more stickers to make
* I could be looking forward to another "fair" or event to showcase my goods for HR.
* **Self Directed Study** One of the things I've been meaning to is a refresher course or a deep dive into tutorials for Indesign. Become the master. Or take a drawing refresher course. That sort of thing. Brush up on the old skills
* **Focus on Etsy** and grow that. There's always some dusting and posting to do there.

I could talk more and learn more about the dnd module project I just completed. One of the things people recommend is to keep the ball rolling; release more content every few weeks and have it become an entity. I could do that, but I could do a lot of things. The same goes for everything it seems. Just keep chugging along down a similar line and continue putting out stuff. The problem is that I'm too interested in too many things. The DND module allows me to flex every muscle, drawing, design, writing, and it felt really good to be able to do all of that in one package. I'm really kicking around the idea of putting together a fiction project that uses all of those elements. A setting book? An object of worldbuilding and storytelling? Not sure. But it's enticing.