---
title: "Body Mind Soul"
excerpt_separator: "<!--more-->"
categories:
  - blog
  - journal
tags: 
  - personal
  - creativity
  - goals
  - projects
  - tarot
  - 
excerpt: "gut feelings"
header:
  overlay_image:  /assets/images/city_teaser.jpg
  overlay_filter: rgba(0, 50, 0, 0.5)
  teaser: /assets/images/city_teaser.jpg


---

## Yellow Belly
Something happened in my gut or esophagus that gave me the impression I had food poisoning. I had a strange fullness feeling, coupled with a sensation of tightness. I pulled the trigger and vomited. I washed my mouth out in the sink. There was blood in my mouth. I spat again. More blood. I wake up my wife and we go to the ER, because, who knows, I could be dying, I've never experienced anything like this before. 

There is "only" a "relatively short" two or three hour wait at the ER to be seen. I can see why this is a short wait. I was in the most pain I've ever experienced, alternating between walking laps around the room and staying seated. Now I'm sleep deprived on top of it. It sucked. Eventually I get seen, doctor says, look, you're not internally bleeding, you're not pale, you're not bleeding out of your asshole, so you probably just had really bad heartburn or some other GI event, then caused a tear in your esophagus by vomiting. Take this antacid, go see a doctor or whatever. 

This was about two weeks ago. I have radically changed the way that I eat. I'm not sure how long a tear takes to heal, but I've felt better each day, for the most part. I've lost 10 pounds. I have a doctor's appointment tomorrow. I feel anxiety when people who have power over me are going to judge me. I must constantly remind myself that doctors are the solution, not the problem. 

I have been doing diaphragmatic breathing exercises. I can literally almost feel my LES open and close when I do so, and the exercises seem to help. 
## And maybe something worse than all that
I still haven't landed on what sorts of projects to work on. When my creativity is stymied, I feel it emotionally. To say that I have an inner desire to create is to sell it short. It truly feels like a **need** to create. If I am not making stuff, I am not feeling well. I have completed portraits for everyone's vampire character, and created the campaign map. I have finished everything that I deem "essential." And so now, I'm sitting here wondering what I'm supposed to do next. Couple that with radically changing my relationship to food and how I eat, plus relative discomfort over time, plus Mollie's upcoming surgery anxiety, damn. I forgot to mention.... no caffeine. No caffeine. No caffeine. The proper physical withdrawals have worn off after a day. It is not a "real" addiction. The spiritual withdrawals are real. I cannot wait until I can consume coffee again. I suppose I could now, but I would have to deal with the consequences. 
## So...
I'm trying to get centered. I'm doing meditations and breathing exercises. I've re-downloaded pokemon go in order to motivate me to take more walks-- go ahead and track my location, Game Freak. 
I have continued to consider my options while I eat unadorned food in four-ounce parcels every few hours. There is still something deeply interesting about creating a project where I can flex every muscle. What would that look like? I'm not sure. I miss being in a class. I miss studying and talking about shit with other students. My wife said, pick a target, dive in somewhere. I might have to, just for my own sanity.

