---
title: "AFK"
excerpt_separator: "<!--more-->"
categories:
  - Blog
tags:
  - personal
  - standard
  - journal
  - art


excerpt: "On keeping up with the artful Joneses"
header:
  overlay_image:  /assets/images/rider_teaser.jpg
  overlay_filter: rgba(50, 150, 150, 0.3)
  teaser: "/assets/images/rider_teaser.jpg"

---

# Are MFAs stupid?
Most of my friends are pursuing large projects that require serious dedication with the promise of concrete goals and tangible outcomes. My wife is hacking away at getting (another) master's degree. Another friend just signed a lease for a retail space. A third is taking bodybuilding seriously. My father is moving to Thailand forever. I cannot help but compare myself to these people who I mostly admire and frequently respect... everyone's going for these big goals. And eventually the question artists dread arises..."*And what are you up to?*"

I'm "doing" plenty. I'm putting together a cookbook of family recipes, doing the designs and layouts and illustrations... that's something. I'm taking ceramics classes at night. There's another thing. I'm plodding forward with Headless Rodeo and thinking deeply about what it is and what it should be and what it shouldn't. I'm sitting on 5-10 unfinished manuscripts, and 2 finished ones that need editing. I jot down poems for poetry club each week, and make collages when I get the chance. And of course there's the day job. Why do I feel like I've done nothing? There's a very signfiicant difference between *doing* and *achieving*. Achievement is the thing I desire. Milestones. Finished products. Why do I give a shit?

Something to do with generally being insecure, blah blah blah capitalism and art, etc. When this happens to me, I'm generally drawn to the MFA as an option. External validation, artistic output, an achievement on the wall that some people care about. But there are significant reasons not to. Cost. The fact that it only means something if you want it to mean something. The fact that I wouldn't have a choice to do what I want. 

I should put out a plan to orient Headless Rodeo into a firmer entity.




