---
title: "Babysteps Into Social Media!"
excerpt_separator: "<!--more-->"
collection: journal
categories:
  - blog
  - journal
  - 
tags: 
  - journal
  - blog
  - update
  - social
excerpt: "Check me out on the gram"
header:
  teaser: /assets/images/blogpostyellow.png

---
# Surprise! IG is a thing
It's rather stupid that it took me a long time to get back onto social media. It was bad business. I just can't shake the feeling that social media is a demon, and we've all made a Faustian deal with it. But instead of having a good time getting rich and laid in return for our souls, we're receiving moderately funny videos of animals along with a hoard of people being angry and hateful. But people need to know what I'm doing, and seem to enjoy the social media experience. I'm in the minority. If I love a designer, guess where I go to see if they're active? Social media. Sad but true. And thusly I tally forth to the land of instagram.

Thankfully I have people to help out. It's difficult to let go of the wheel. I'm always struggling to temper my impulse to ask how everything is doing, to see if we can 'boost numbers' or whatever. Here's what I think that's all about: I'm a little insecure, and I want people to like me and my work. And if I'm going to deal with the devil, shouldn't I at least milk it for all it's worth, and really try to be 'good' at social media?

But in reality, when I scroll on IG or reddit or wherever, I can almost physically feel the little dopamine cycle, pulling that slot machine lever for some morsel of joy between the advertisements. When I'm done, I'm exhausted and depressed. I can only say this after spending, idk, about a decade constantly scrolling on ig and reddit. 

So I'm trying to think about it like this; it's just another iteration of a portfolio. Fuck the game, fuck trying to get likes and followers. Just try to post your drawings and content out there, just as a place where people can look at it. I think that's a pretty stable and sustainable way of looking at it. Otherwise I'll be miserable, wondering what I should make next in order to chase likes and followers. Which is the exact opposite of what I wanted Headless Rodeo to be...a public facing outlet for joyous creativity, nothing more, nothing less.

## Coming Up

In June I will be attempting to use AI as a brainstorming tool to write a novella. I'm leaning more and more toward my idea of churning out novellas with giallo titles and concepts. I'll need at least three. I think I'll Quentin Tarantino it, collage and remix stuff together to make a functional piece. We'll see how it goes. 