---
title: "The Kickstarter is GO!"
excerpt_separator: "<!--more-->"
categories:
  - blog
  - journal
tags: 
  - personal
  - creativity
  - goals
  - stickers
  - projects
  - etsy
  - kickstarter
excerpt: "initial goal met!!! and notes on the project"
header:
  overlay_image: /assets/images/blogpostred.png
  teaser: /assets/images/blogpostred.png
---
I want to thank everyone for checking out and supporting my art and this project. Onto the stretch goal!

[Support the kickstarter here!](https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/ooze/scary-stories-stickers-and-art-prints)

## On "Style"

The first image I drew in this series was the La Llorona. As I was completing it, I was struck that creating the image was resonating with me on multiple levels. I was able to draw. The thing I was drawing was something I cared about, something in the horror genre, but from a folk tale that made an enormous impact on me. And the intended output (initially, a sticker) was a product that I myself loved, and something I had experience making. It felt "right." However, the creation of the image closely emulated how I would make it in traditional media; I drew it "in pencil", then "inked" over it. The work, and the direction, felt right. The physical aspect of drawing it on the ipad didn't feel right. Drawing is a skill that can apply to every medium, but each medium has profound differences. "Inking" on screen is such a physically different process that I couldn't help feeling like my approach was incongruous with the drawing medium.

The second image was the Big Bad Wolf. After making the La Llorona image, I decided to see if I could do it again, and change that approach. Abandon traditional work flows. I was listening to KRS-1, watching grafitti videos, and thinking about the splashy, aggressive, freewheeling method I used when I first painted as a teenager, using every tool at my disposal whether it was useful or not, painting and repainting sloppily over items I didn't like, shoving colors and paint around without rhyme or reason and turning the result into a figurative image. I found some brushes by Turtle House Press that emulated scratchy natural pens and markers. I was inspired and said, fuck it, I'm just going to blast away on one layer using every brush I like, purposefully make mistakes, experiment and fuck-shit-up, and just flow with the music and see what happens. The Big Bad Wolf was the result. That's when I feel like I hit a stride. The process felt natural and truly *fun* (imagine that!) and the result was something I was happy with. 

It's not slick or photorealistic. It doesn't look like a post-Disney fanart post. But the style feels like "me." Or, one side of me. 

## Thank you for reading, and please consider helping out with my kickstarter.