---
title: "Now streaming? When will I stop adding things?!"
excerpt_separator: "<!--more-->"
categories:
  - blog
  - journal
tags: 
  - personal
  - creativity
  - goals
  - stickers
  - projects
  - etsy
  - kickstarter
excerpt: "big wand energy"
header:
  teaser: /assets/images/blogpostgreen.png
---
# When you feel busy with creative projects, I recommend adding three more
Your life is what you pay attention to. I try as much as possible to pay attention to creative projects.
<!--more-->
## Now Streaming?
I had the idea of beginning to stream drawing to various platforms. It's a good way to demonstrate that I'm not a shithead bot. It's also a media form that I personally watch; art making videos are one of the top things I like on YouTube. But more importantly, it's an additional, passive layer I can put onto what I'm already doing. I've been thinking a lot about the business of art, and particularly the pipeline of work. By making a digital drawing, there are only so many places it can go; it's not a physical object yet, so I can't sell it in real life unless I make a print run of it (or some other physical manifestation). I remember a video of a comic book artist talking about this. I wish I could remember which artist, but they were saying that the good thing about using traditional analog media and tools to draw pages is that you have a physical art piece to sell to collectors in addition to payment for the book. Adding video to what I'm already doing is a good way to get more bang out of my effort buck. 

The top tier kickstarter backer reward is to get a custom piece of art. I decided it might be fun to just video myself making those pieces of art. 

I've played with OBS and Camo, and I think I can make it work. I already enjoy working with video for my casual projects, so even if I don't officially stream, I can still record and edit the video. 
We bought a clamp-hinge-phone-holdy-thingy to get a good shot of the work, because the webcam we bought is mostly a piece of crap and doesn't have utility beyond a video call. 

Whether or not I get any followers, it might be nice to start doing instructional videos and product reviews; both of which are things I watch.

I'm worried about toxic commentors, trolls, shitty bots, etc. I'll probably keep comments off? Or possibly I'll just never pay attention to them, but that opens up a small window of opportunity for nazi scum to defile my space, so idk. I don't want to put my wife on mod duty all the time. 

We'll see how it works out!

# Updates

## The Kickstarter
I've set up the banking stuff, and submitted it for review. I haven't received word back yet, but aside from being approved, it's ready to go. 

## Phoenix Zinefest

I was only approved for Saturday, so that's unfortunate. However, I've got all of my stuff ready, with brand new displays happening. I wanted to create some mystery bags and kickstarter fliers (flyers? fliers?) to put into the various bags. I want to do a dry-fit of placing everything out on a table to emulate how things should look and fit.

## Oh and also other stuff...

* We set an unofficial official goal of printing chapbooks in October.
* I'm heavy into Duolingo and brushing up on espanol (I can't figure out how to insert special characters even though I've tried alt codes).
* still trying to take IG more seriously and posting regularly
Signing off, and always remember:

### lower your expectations
your friend,
-- 0 0 z 3