---
title: "Big Events: Zinefest, Upcoming Kickstarter"
excerpt_separator: "<!--more-->"
categories:
  - blog
  - journal
tags: 
  - personal
  - creativity
  - goals
  - stickers
  - projects
  - etsy
  - kickstarter
excerpt: "step by step, making big plans"
header:
  teaser: /assets/images/blogpostblue.png
---
# Slow And Steady Wins The Race
I want the stuff I do to have a level of professionalism and legitimacy, I want it to feel real. Maybe fast and loose is better. But I still want to get everything right. I want to keep all my shit organized. I don't want to be caught off guard. 
<!--more-->
## The Kickstarter
I made six designs and they're all part of the same family. The idea was to make designs that refer to cautionary tales, mostly inspired by doing a la llorona sticker. I didn't post them yet, because it came to me that they belong together. If they belong together, they should be printed together. But I don't want to spend a minimum of $500 to print them all at once. So I should do a kickstarter. Easy. No problem.

But, as an adult, I want to do everything right. I have a day job, and a waking life, and these stickers and designs are really only one tiny portion of what I'm up to, and what I want to do. I didn't want to rush in and do a sloppy job with it. I am gathering information and making plans slowly and steadily. I'm building the kickstarter page slowly. I'm reviewing videos and reading the creator materials on it. Doing my homework. 

I don't have a specific date in mind for when it'll launch. Fall is always nuts. It is a spooky project, so fall feels right, but everything else I do is spooky. Maybe there's no perfect time. I'm hoping to do it well before fall. Gut feeling--August feels right. 

## Phoenix Zinefest

Remember how I just said August feels right? Well Phoenix Zinefest is happening in August. Maybe I should launch it just before zinefest, then point everyone to the kickstarter from my table and social media. I don't have a following and it's a pretty good place to make new friends. I'm also planning on getting together a bunch of craft paper sticker designs for zinefest, leverage the westernness. Also making mystery bags with extra stuff. 

## Oh and also other stuff...

Red Sands is finally getting our act in gear when it comes to printing chapbooks. Me taking an active role in getting everything together is probably going to wait until later on. I can still whip up a cover design, but taking charge with orchestrating everything is extra effort I don't necessarily have. I'm also doing ceramics class, my day job (plus extra), looking askew at grant proposals, stewing on a few writing ideas, trying to maintain this site, and probably half a dozen other things I can't remember.

Signing off, and always remember:

### lower your expectations
your friend,
-- 0 0 z 3