---
title: "Giving myself a creative haircut"
excerpt_separator: "<!--more-->"
categories:
  - blog
  - journal
tags: 
  - personal
  - creativity
  - goals
  - projects
  - 
  - 
excerpt: "tending one's garden"
header:
  teaser: /assets/images/blogpostblue.png


---

# Updates
Recently I am trying to keep things as simple as possible. I needed to pare down and simplify headless.rodeo, and I'm happy with the cleanliness of the result. Images of the stuff I do over here, and blog posts over there. Keep it simple and organized. 
I'm considering restarting social media, but I'm not sure why and what for. I can post drawing stuff, but what does that say about writing? And I find twitter pretty toxic, so how would I showcase my drawing? I'm certainly overthinking it. 
I've begun the querying process for my recently-finally-finished novella, Hometown Ghosts. If you're reading this, I frankly have no interesting advice. I'm finding agents I think might consider my work on querymanager/agent repositories online, and following their submission guidelines. Fingers crossed that following the simple instructions will get my foot in the door. I recognize Hometown Ghosts is a horror novella and the world isn't exactly screaming for horror novellas, but hey, it's what I made, and I'm proud of it.
I'm in the process of outlining my next piece for a self directed "write a thing in a month" for April just to get my juices flowing. I'm using Michael Stackpole's 21 days to a novel process to outline. I *love* his process, and highly recommend buying his guide or attending one of his workshops.
I'm also considering either using a typewriter and scanning/OCR for the whole thing's first draft, to really vomit-draft the thing out. I need to do some scan tests on the scanner we adopted from Justin Tate to see the full functionality of the OCR of Adobe Acrobat with a good high quality scan.  
I've started the process of contacting Terror Trader to get some sticker designs or goods up there. There's been a response, but I'll likely put together a care package of stickers and stuff and simply bring it in to show off what I got. Now I just have to print the other designs I have. 
We weren't able to get into the ceramics class like we wanted. The recent batch includes the absolute best stuff we've made so far. We're waitlisted on some slots to get into an independant study session, so I really hope we get in. My wife and I messed with some Sculpey clay last night, and, while nice, it definitely feels silly and harder to handle or acheive specific effects. The consistency is surprisingly different than the other "real" clays I've used in the classes. 
That's it so far. I've kept busy, and I hope to be busier. 

-=ooze=-


