---
title: "2022-12-29-TarotTime+Review"
excerpt_separator: "<!--more-->"
categories:
  - blog
  - journal
tags: 
  - personal
  - creativity
  - goals
  - projects
  - tarot
  - 
excerpt: "heart of the cards"
header:
  overlay_image:  /assets/images/city_teaser.jpg
  overlay_filter: rgba(0, 50, 0, 0.5)
  teaser: /assets/images/city_teaser.jpg


---

# End of Year
The end of the year is always a relief. This year was no different. Christmas was a sharknado. There's always so much to do, so many things I feel obligated to perform. But it is over. Now there is the new year to look forward to. 

I have started to get into tarot. I find it fascinating, exploratory, and forgiving. A sort of Rorschach test that quite quickly warps the mind into believing that there is special guiding power in a randomly overturned symbol. 

The deck I have is the Tarot Del Toro. It's fucking awesome and the lino-cut illustrations by Tomas Hijo are incredible and inspiring. I highly recommend it.

I've drawn a card per day, with mixed results. I've even acted on what the cards have told me. It's hard to describe. Was it helpful? It was certainly whimsical. I'm not sure if every dormant subterranean thought or feeling disturbed by the appearance of a card deserves the respect of action. Most of those thoughts and feelings are wrong or misguided anyhow. Just because you think it doesn't make it true, and you are not your thoughts. Where does divination come in if free will is an illusion? I guess it doesn't matter. I find that tarot is most useful for creative prompts. It's an amazing creative prompt generator. I'm considering of collecting the spreads I create into a zine.

One of the things that I am going to try and embrace, and something that came up during a tarot reading, is that I should try to internalize the truth that the dream of earning a living from creating work that I want to create is essentially a myth I tell myself, and I need to focus on just creating the things that I care about. I have the day job. It's secure. And I can focus on just want makes me happy, not what I believe could "sell" or be a "portfolio" piece. That said, making things for other people to enjoy is frequently what makes me happy or proud. It's something to consider. I believe many things are within my power, if I could just focus my energies and decide on a goal. I believe that I could boost my Etsy store. I believe I could do a kickstarter for some project or other. I believe I could write something that could sell, or make a difference. Making Headless Rodeo, and completing those zines and stickers before zinefest, was an empowering experience. 

zI just need to figure out exactly what I want to do.

